docs: Update README.md regarding POSTGRES db port (#14431)
calcom/cal.com: README.md

      ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39329182/236612291-51d87f69-6dc1-4a23-bf4d-1ca1754e0a35.png)

   5. Now extract all the info and add it to your DATABASE_URL. The url would look something like this

>       `postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/Your-DB-Name`. Sometimes, your port can be different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      `postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/Your-DB-Name`. The port is configurable and does not have to be 5432.
```
